1. What is an event? 
	Event is basically running throughout whenever an asynchronous function is running.

2. What is event emitter?
	Event emitter calls the events within it and run them synchronously with each other.

3. What is package.json?
	Basically a root folder where all the metadata is stored like the ProjectName, version, requirements.

4. What is URL method?
	Basically a method used to call or parse the URLs. Helps in transforming the URL into a readable format.

5. What is Stream and FSstream?
	Stream basically helps us read or write data continuously.

6. What is dependency?
	Basically Express and mongoose are dependecy and you install them using npm install methods in the terminal.

7. Asynchronous method?
	All node API packages are asynch. and they don't wait for it's completion and can move on to the next one.

8. CallBack and Module.Exports?
	Callback means calling the function after the completion of task and module.export exports the data in a single unit into file.

9. REPL in NOde?
	Basically READ, EVAL, PRINT, LOOP which does the mentioned things in series.

10. Control FLow Function?
	A code which runs bw the asynchronous functions.

11. What is BUffer Class?
	Converts the array of raw data in readable and store in the memory allocation of the V8 engine.
	Used because pure JS is not compatible with binary data.

12. What is piping?
	Used to connect the o/p of another stream to the other stream.

13. Open a file using Node.js?
	fs.open(path, flags, callback)

14. Concept of Middleware and static files?
	Receives the REQUEST and RESPONSE objects. App.use is used after the express is called.

15. Types of HTTP requests?
	GET, POST, HEAD, PUT, DELETE
	
	GET: retrieve the data
	POST: to upload a data
	PUT: to update a data
	DELETE: to delete a data	

16. Connect with the MongoDB server?
	We first use the require method to call the mongoose and then create a variable dbURI with the URL of the cluster or database.

17. What is NODE_ENV?
	to detect the environment we are in Express server.

18. Timing features?
	setTimeout and clearTimeout, setInterval and clearInterval

19.  
	   